Okay.
So let's start building out our job search form.
I'm going to create a new component to capture the form itself.
So right here in our source components directory, I'll create a job search form, dot view file.
And of course, what do we need in a view file?
We need a template section.
And I'm actually going to put a form element in here because this will be a form to collect input from
the user, the role and the location.
For now, I'm going to put some text in the form just so we can verify that it is rendering correctly
when we eventually do render it in our browser.
So I will put the text of I will be in a better form eventually.
Just so we have some terrible humor in the app.
Perfect.
And then, of course, the other thing we need is a script section.
And here I'm going to export default my JavaScript object, which, of course is our configuration object
for this component.
The only property I'm going to add is going to be job search or the name property, and I'll set it
to job search form.
Save that, add a line break to make prettier happy and that is a good place to start for this component.
So where do I want to render this job search form component?
I want to render it in my hero component.
As a reminder, our hero component is the one that's rendering the full grid, and it's also rendering
the headline component where we have our changing action test text.
And I want to render my job search form immediately below the headline component.
So right down below here in the script section, I'm going to import my new job search form component
and that's going to come from my source directory, which is represented by that symbol, then the components
folder and then my new job search form dot view file.
Of course I have to register as a local component and I can do that right here in my components object
that allows me to render this component in line.
Again, I can use either this syntax or kabob case, which means all lowercase with dashes, and that's
exactly what we're going to do here.
So right below headline, I'm going to do a single self closing tag and I'll write out job dash, search,
dash form, provide that closing tag like so.
And since we're here right now, I think now is a good time as any to clean up our yellow background.
We previously did that and in order in order to distinguish the different sections of our grid.
But I think we're a little bit more comfortable seeing that change and those boxes on the screen already
so we can go ahead and remove some of those remnants of experimentation revolving around CSS.
That's great.
So right here on this section right here, we can remove that big yellow 200 class.
Perfect.
And then we can also remove the blue border around every div, which represents a section of columns
within the larger 12 column grid.
So on this one column grid, this one column div, what I can do is remove the border and blue 700 classes
on this second div, which is storing the headline, the job search form.
It is taking up five total columns.
I can similarly remove the border and same thing with our remaining two DIMMs of five columns and one
columns respectively.
We can go ahead and remove that.
And remove that.
And while we're at it as well, we probably don't need the text inside the device anymore to communicate.
We just can use the visual representation or the segmentations of these columns within the grid to identify
where they begin and end.
So I'm going to remove the one column text right here, and I'm going to remove the five columns text
right here and the one column text right here.
Perfect.
That's a good place to be.
So let's check in, in the browser to see how this looks.
And this is in pretty good shape.
So notice our headline component is still working.
And here is our introductory text to prompt the user to search.
And then this is our new search form component rendering right here.
Of course, there's no actual form elements yet, but don't worry, everything is correctly rendering
as it's shown on the page.
And in the very next lesson, we can start applying some CSR styles to all of these elements.